README.md, before:

# BotsPlusPlus

|  Circle CI    |  Travis Build|  Auth Server |  World Server  |  Build Tools  |
|  ------------ |  ----------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus/tree/master)| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus)| [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-authserver.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-authserver/)| [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-worldserver.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-worldserver/)| [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/timothystewart6/trinitycore-docker.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/timothystewart6/trinitycore-docker/)

Trinity Core 3.3.5a with NPC Bots and Extras. Great for learning, single player, or playing with friends.

## Trinity Core

This source is based on [TrinityCore Revision 330e5b0](https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore/commit/330e5b0ebcc6753a355afc3824121c5eba1bf5bc)

## New NPC Bots Source from martin26

* NPC Bots
* AH Bot

With [NewNPC Bots f7936eb9](https://github.com/martin26/NewNPCBots/commit/f7936eb9ea332c45146c59810f7d0d6bd3313308)

## New NPC Bots Source by thanosdk

For more information on how to use NPC Bots please see: [thesawolf New NPC Bots Readme](https://github.com/thesawolf/TrinityCore/blob/TrinityCoreLegacy/README_Bots.md)

## Lord Psyan Patches

With [Lord Psyan Patches](https://bitbucket.org/technotim/lordpsyan-patches)

* Start Guild
* Auto Learn New Spells
* Annouce Login
* Account Mounts
* Login BoA (with enchants)
* Start Guild
* Beastmaster

## SQL Scripts

### world_db

You will need to use [TDB 335.61](https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore/releases/tag/TDB335.61)

Not sure this is necessary but here is the order in which to apply database scripts:

* create
* base
* world (see above)
* updates
* custom

### Custom

Included in `sql/custom`

* Portal Master [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Portal-Master.html)
* Heirloom Vendor [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/)
* Buff Master [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Aura Master [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)
* Trainer Master [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)
* Profession Teleporter [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)
* Profession Material Vendor [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)

`C++` scripts applied:

* Item Enchant Visuals [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Item-Enchant-Visuals.html)
* Fireworks on Level up (All) [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Boss Announcer [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Account Achievements [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Congrats on Level [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Arcane Reforger [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Reforging.html) from [fd44b6d9](https://github.com/Rochet2/TrinityCore/commit/fd44b6d998818ffaa70b605a58c63318598e3f9a)
* Transmogrification NPC [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Transmogrification.html)
* Enchanter NPC [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Lord Psyan patches mentioned above

## NPC List

| Name | Utility  |
|-------------| -----|
| LordPsyan | Beastmaster |
| Simon Magus | Enchanter |
| Major Oak | Heirlooms |
| Prospero | Portal Master |
| Thaumaturge Vashreen | Arcane Reforger |
| Warpweaver | Transmogrifier |
| Gwydion | Buff Master |
| Faegan | Aura Master |
| Ulf | Trainer Master |
| Wu | Profession Teleporter|
| Sartie Sweettoe | Profession Material Vendor |

## Docker

* Docker images use a modified version of [neechbear/trinitycore](https://github.com/neechbear/trinitycore)
* All credit goes to [neechbear](https://github.com/neechbear) for creating a great set of Docker images to boostrap the ones used in this repo.

### Docker commands

#### Starting the auth server

```bash
docker run -d \
-p 3724:3724 \
-e DB_HOST=192.168.0.100 \
-e DB_PORT=3306 \
-v /path/to/your/authserver:/opt/trinitycore/etc/ \
-v /path/to/your/logs:/opt/trinitycore/logs/ \
timothystewart6/botsplusplus-authserver:latest
```

#### Starting the world server

```bash
docker run -d \
-p 8085:8085 \
-e DB_HOST=192.168.0.100 \
-e DB_PORT=3306 \
-v path/to/your/worldserverconf:/opt/trinitycore/etc/ \
-v path/to/your/cameras:/opt/trinitycore/bin/cameras \
-v path/to/your/dbc:/opt/trinitycore/bin/dbc \
-v path/to/your/maps:/opt/trinitycore/bin/maps \
-v path/to/your/mmaps:/opt/trinitycore/bin/mmaps \
-v path/to/your/vmaps:/opt/trinitycore/bin/vmaps \
-v path/to/your/logs:/opt/trinitycore/logs/ \
timothystewart6/botsplusplus-worldserver:latest
```

## Build

[Windows Requirements](https://trinitycore.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/tc/pages/10977296/Windows+Requirements)

* Visual Studio 2017 (x64)
* Boost 1.63.0 (x64)
* MySQL 5.6.37.0 (x64)
* CMake 3.9.1 (x64)
* OpenSSL 1.0.2L (x64)

[Linux Requirements](https://trinitycore.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/tc/pages/10977288/Linux+Requirements)

* Tested on Debian 9.x

Commit message:

fix(example configs): Included example configs (#62)

README.md, after:

# BotsPlusPlus

|  Circle CI    |  Travis Build|  Auth Server |  World Server  |  Build Tools  |
|  ------------ |  ----------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus/tree/master.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus/tree/master)| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/timothystewart6/BotsPlusPlus)| [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-authserver.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-authserver/)| [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-worldserver.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/timothystewart6/botsplusplus-worldserver/)| [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/timothystewart6/trinitycore-docker.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/timothystewart6/trinitycore-docker/)

Trinity Core 3.3.5a with NPC Bots and Extras. Great for learning, single player, or playing with friends.

## Trinity Core

This source is based on [TrinityCore Revision 330e5b0](https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore/commit/330e5b0ebcc6753a355afc3824121c5eba1bf5bc)

## New NPC Bots Source from martin26

* NPC Bots
* AH Bot

With [NewNPC Bots f7936eb9](https://github.com/martin26/NewNPCBots/commit/f7936eb9ea332c45146c59810f7d0d6bd3313308)

## New NPC Bots Source by thanosdk

For more information on how to use NPC Bots please see: [thesawolf New NPC Bots Readme](https://github.com/thesawolf/TrinityCore/blob/TrinityCoreLegacy/README_Bots.md)

## Lord Psyan Patches

With [Lord Psyan Patches](https://bitbucket.org/technotim/lordpsyan-patches)

* Start Guild
* Auto Learn New Spells
* Annouce Login
* Account Mounts
* Login BoA (with enchants)
* Start Guild
* Beastmaster

## SQL Scripts

### world_db

You will need to use [TDB 335.61](https://github.com/TrinityCore/TrinityCore/releases/tag/TDB335.61)

Not sure this is necessary but here is the order in which to apply database scripts:

* create
* base
* world (see above)
* updates
* custom

### Custom

Included in `sql/custom`

* Portal Master [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Portal-Master.html)
* Heirloom Vendor [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/)
* Buff Master [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Aura Master [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)
* Trainer Master [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)
* Profession Teleporter [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)
* Profession Material Vendor [Fullhouser](http://sqlmegapack.weebly.com/) and fixes by [timothystewart6](https://github.com/timothystewart6)

`C++` scripts applied:

* Item Enchant Visuals [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Item-Enchant-Visuals.html)
* Fireworks on Level up (All) [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Boss Announcer [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Account Achievements [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Congrats on Level [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Arcane Reforger [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Reforging.html) from [fd44b6d9](https://github.com/Rochet2/TrinityCore/commit/fd44b6d998818ffaa70b605a58c63318598e3f9a)
* Transmogrification NPC [rochet2](http://rochet2.github.io/Transmogrification.html)
* Enchanter NPC [SingleCore](https://github.com/conan513/SingleCore_TC)
* Lord Psyan patches mentioned above

## NPC List

| Name | Utility  |
|-------------| -----|
| LordPsyan | Beastmaster |
| Simon Magus | Enchanter |
| Major Oak | Heirlooms |
| Prospero | Portal Master |
| Thaumaturge Vashreen | Arcane Reforger |
| Warpweaver | Transmogrifier |
| Gwydion | Buff Master |
| Faegan | Aura Master |
| Ulf | Trainer Master |
| Wu | Profession Teleporter|
| Sartie Sweettoe | Profession Material Vendor |

## Config

We have included better defaults that are taoilred for customizations this server supports.  They are ready to use, all you need to do is update the database info. Both auth and world configs can be found at:

`src/server/authserver/authserver.conf`
`src/server/worldserver/worldserver.conf`

## Docker

* Docker images use a modified version of [neechbear/trinitycore](https://github.com/neechbear/trinitycore)
* All credit goes to [neechbear](https://github.com/neechbear) for creating a great set of Docker images to boostrap the ones used in this repo.

### Docker commands

#### Starting the auth server

```bash
docker run -d \
-p 3724:3724 \
-e DB_HOST=192.168.0.100 \
-e DB_PORT=3306 \
-v /path/to/your/authserver:/opt/trinitycore/etc/ \
-v /path/to/your/logs:/opt/trinitycore/logs/ \
timothystewart6/botsplusplus-authserver:latest
```

#### Starting the world server

```bash
docker run -d \
-p 8085:8085 \
-e DB_HOST=192.168.0.100 \
-e DB_PORT=3306 \
-v path/to/your/worldserverconf:/opt/trinitycore/etc/ \
-v path/to/your/cameras:/opt/trinitycore/bin/cameras \
-v path/to/your/dbc:/opt/trinitycore/bin/dbc \
-v path/to/your/maps:/opt/trinitycore/bin/maps \
-v path/to/your/mmaps:/opt/trinitycore/bin/mmaps \
-v path/to/your/vmaps:/opt/trinitycore/bin/vmaps \
-v path/to/your/logs:/opt/trinitycore/logs/ \
timothystewart6/botsplusplus-worldserver:latest
```

## Build

[Windows Requirements](https://trinitycore.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/tc/pages/10977296/Windows+Requirements)

* Visual Studio 2017 (x64)
* Boost 1.63.0 (x64)
* MySQL 5.6.37.0 (x64)
* CMake 3.9.1 (x64)
* OpenSSL 1.0.2L (x64)

[Linux Requirements](https://trinitycore.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/tc/pages/10977288/Linux+Requirements)

* Tested on Debian 9.x
